docs/guide.md, before:

# How-to use the automated setup.json

## Description

This repository contains the automation library for Open vStorage.
This library delegates component creation/removal to the REST API of Open vStorage through Python code.

## System requirements

- python-timeout-decorator
- python 2.7
- python 3
- Open vStorage (must be ran on ovs node)

## Prerequisites

- Open vStorage main directory: `/opt/OpenvStorage`
- Automation library main directory: `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci`
- Automation library main config directory `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci/config`
- Automation library settings file `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci/config/settings.json`
- Automation library logging directory `/var/log/ovs`
- Automation library SETUP logging file `/var/log/ovs/setup.log`
- Automation library VALIDATION logging file `/var/log/ovs/validation.log`
- Automation library REMOVE logging file `/var/log/ovs/remove.log`
- Automation library DECORATORS logging file `/var/log/ovs/decorators.log`
- Automation library HELPERS logging file `/var/log/ovs/helpers.log`

### Scenarios section
Contains the information what test need to be executed if `ci/scenarios` is enabled.

Commit message:

add some more information about the library

docs/guide.md, after:

# How-to use the automated setup.json

## Description

This repository contains the automation library for Open vStorage.
This library delegates component creation/removal to the REST API of Open vStorage through Python code.

## System requirements

- python-timeout-decorator
- python 2.7
- python 3
- Open vStorage (must be ran on ovs node)

## Prerequisites

- Open vStorage main directory: `/opt/OpenvStorage`
- Open vStorage logging directory `/var/log/ovs`
- Automation library main directory: `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci`
- Automation library main config directory `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci/config`
- Automation library settings file `/opt/OpenvStorage/ci/config/settings.json`
- Automation library SETUP logging file `/var/log/ovs/setup.log`
- Automation library VALIDATION logging file `/var/log/ovs/validation.log`
- Automation library REMOVE logging file `/var/log/ovs/remove.log`
- Automation library DECORATORS logging file `/var/log/ovs/decorators.log`
- Automation library HELPERS logging file `/var/log/ovs/helpers.log`

## Sections

### Helpers section
Contains helping function that provide required meta information during setup, removal or validation

### Remove section
Contains removal functions that makes it possible to remove components from Open vStorage

### Setup section
Contains setup functions that makes it possible to add components to Open vStorage

### Validation section
Provides validation for setup or removal of Open vStorage components. 
E.g. when a vPool is added, the required components are checked if they are present
